SYNAPSE EVENTS TASK
3 unique event ideas:
1)	CAPTURE THE FLAG
Here, the participants will be asked to register as teams, with their unique name being based off of a transformer, as the theme for the event will be Transformers (since their new movie is coming out mid-September), making September the ideal time to hold this event too.
The varying Groups will start of at the ground floor and will be made to scan a QR code, giving them their first clue/hint.
The clues will obviously be a mix of transformers knowledge and technical skills, and their answers would be different CRs spread throughout the college. 
We would introduce a theme of sorts where the teams are competing against Decepticons (villains in transformers) to make it to a hill and capture the flag to fight for their survival.
The final Clue should be common for all teams and should lead them to the same pre-determined place where they can capture the flags.
To add higher participant-engagement, we can add live action figures, by making members of our own Co-committee play some transformer in the movie aiding or creating obstacles for the teams.
Apart from this, to make the event entertaining and fun for all, we can add lifelines where teams stuck at a particular clue can come and ask for lifelines in exchange of some menial and entertaining task.



2)	Escape The Floor
A great theme for this event would be, trapped in the Joker’s Circus, as he is a villain notoriously famous for his maniacal personality and sadistic nature.
Here, again participants can take part in teams, a whole floor will be dedicated to this event, with the stairs being blocked off and lift being deemed inaccessible.
The contestants would be asked to bring one laptop per team, and will be supplied with a GITHUB repository consisting of multiple different incomplete programmes.
The contestants would be left in different CRs, with a co-comm member in charge, they need to figure out certain discrepancies in the room, intentionally set up by us, which would give them certain hints, and these hints would directly help them complete one of those incomplete programmes, and when they show the correct output to the co comm member in charge, they will be allowed into the next CR.
The end goal of the teams would be to escape the Last CR which would allow them to exit the floor and maybe lead them to a victory room of sorts.
Using hard creatives and maybe dressing someone up as The Joker we could definitely sell the theme and make this event fun for every participant.





3)	SYNERGY
This would basically be an educating event; wherein our co-comm, especially the technical department can go to varying colleges and hold workshops for 12th graders ideally.
If that seems hard to achieve, we could try 9th/10th graders in schools too.
The primary motive of these workshops would be to let the future engineers realise the importance of ML, let them formulate a base of what AIML truly and leave them with a few technical skills.


